DOC-829: toolbar_sticky_offset (#1985)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: _includes/configuration/toolbar_sticky_offset.md

## toolbar_sticky_offset

{{site.requires_5_9v}}

> The Sticky offset option allow the toolbar to stick at a specific offset from the top or bottom of the view depending on the toolbar mode.
> To see it works `toolbar_sticky` must be `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option allows the toolbar to stick or dock at the specified offset from the top or bottom of the view depending on the [toolbar mode]({{site.baseurl}}/configure/editor-appearance/#toolbar_mode}}). This can be useful when a site has it's own sticky header navigation bar to ensure the toolbar sticks below.

> **Note:** This option requires the [`toolbar_sticky`]({{site.baseurl}}/configure/editor-appearance/#toolbar_sticky}}) option be set to `true` to take effect.
```
Just minor rewording and I also added an example use case.

## toolbar_sticky_offset

{{site.requires_5_9v}}

> This option allows the toolbar to stick or dock at the specified offset from the top or bottom of the view depending on the [toolbar mode]({{site.baseurl}}/configure/editor-appearance/#toolbar_mode}}). This can be useful when a site has it's own sticky header navigation bar to ensure the toolbar sticks below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This option allows the toolbar to stick or dock at the specified offset from the top or bottom of the [viewport](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Viewport) depending on the [toolbar location (`toolbar_location`)]({{site.baseurl}}/configure/editor-appearance/#toolbar_location}}). This can be useful when a site has a sticky header navigation bar, allowing the {{site.productname}} toolbar to "stick" below the site's navigation bar.
```
